

Do not serve the master of money. Or indulge yourself in greed and selfishness for it will surely lead to death. Instead choose a life of serving the Lord. (James 5:1-6): 'Come now, ye rich, weep and howl for your miseries that are coming upon you. Your riches are corrupted, and your garments are moth-eaten. Your gold and your silver are rusted; and their rust shall be for a testimony against you, and shall eat your flesh as fire. Ye have laid up your treasure in the last days. Behold, the hire of the laborers who mowed your fields, which is of you kept back by fraud, crieth out: and the cries of them that reaped have entered into the ears of the Lord of Sabaoth. Ye have lived delicately on the earth, and taken your pleasure; ye have nourished your hearts in a day of slaughter. Ye have condemned, ye have killed the righteous one; he doth not resist you.'



Wisdom is show like faith through actions; a wise man does not jump off a cliff. However wisdom comes in two forms Godly wisdom and earthly wisdom. Godly wisdom is: pure, peace-loving, considerate, submissive, merciful, impactful, and sincere. Any so called wisdom without these things is earthly wisdom ad will surly lead to destruction, such wisdom is: envious, selfish, disorderly, and evil, and does not produce good fruits. Gain wisdom, and righteously apply knowledge always. (James 3:12-18): 'Who is wise and understanding among you? let him show by his good life his works in meekness of wisdom. But if ye have bitter jealousy and faction in your heart, glory not and lie not against the truth. This wisdom is not a wisdom that cometh down from above, but is earthly, sensual, devilish. For where jealousy and faction are, there is confusion and every vile deed. But the wisdom that is from above is first pure, then peaceable, gentle, easy to be entreated, full of mercy and good fruits, without variance, without hypocrisy. And the fruit of righteousness is sown in peace for them that make peace.'


Love is found in true faith with the Lord. Once you have made right with god and have became his faithful servant, love then becomes obtainable and real. There is no true love without God! (2 Peter 1:5-9): 'Yea, and for this very cause adding on your part all diligence, in your faith supply virtue; and in your virtue knowledge; and in your knowledge self-control; and in your self-control patience; and in your patience godliness; and in your godliness brotherly kindness; and in your brotherly kindness love. For if these things are yours and abound, they make you to be not idle nor unfruitful unto the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ. For he that lacketh these things is blind, seeing only what is near, having forgotten the cleansing from his old sins.'



The lord has granted us freedom. But freedom is not an excuse for the allowance of evil. However as children of God we are called to submit fully to him in our free will. (1 Peter 2.16): 'as free, and not using your freedom for a cloak of wickedness, but as bondservants of God.'



We are called as Christians to spread the word and love of Christ. To be his disciples is not just to believe but to bring in other believers. (Psalms 40:9-10): 'I have proclaimed glad tidings of righteousness in the great assembly; Lo, I will not refrain my lips, O Jehovah, thou knowest. I have not hid thy righteousness within my heart; I have declared thy faithfulness and thy salvation; I have not concealed thy lovingkindness and thy truth from the great assembly." (Matthew 28:19-20): 'Go ye therefore, and make disciples of all the nations, baptizing them into the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit: teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I commanded you: and lo, I am with you always, even unto the end of the world.'



Following Christ isn't the easiest or most pleasing thing to do in the short term, but it's reward is everlasting. It might feel like a battle or even torture but stay strong and patient for you will one day be called home, to Gods kingdom. And is you die for and with the Lord, you will be at peace and in heaven with God. (Revelations 14:12-13)



There is far more to the law than knowing it, and reading it. It is far more important to obey the law given, and at least trying to. As us with the law, so Christians, are judged under the law. And those without the law are doomed to death without the law or God. (Romans 2:12-13)



Because of our sin and lack of faith we will find our selves in the company of the devil and the evil lust and temptation of homosexuality. Woman and men forfeit one another for the unnatural and sinful act of there own satisfaction. From this sin due punishment is received from the wraith of God. (Romans 1:26-27)



Sin is breaking the Lords law and covenant, defying the Lords wishes for your own evil gain. Seeking short term gratification over eternal life. Breaking just one law, one time, is breaking all of them. You must repent to bring yourself back to righteousness. (James 2:10-11)



As people we look up to the rich and powerful as if that's the best alternative, or a final destination. Instead look to those strongest in faith. For no worldly possession is greater or can take the place of everlasting life and love. (Proverbs 23:17-18)



Be caucus of your demons and crimes against God and his people. The Lord will forgive but always teaches, failing to learn his leasons and heed his warnings and signs will surely be your down fall. Mabey from within. (Micah 1)



Throughout time we sin and fall short, don't fret the lord loves you. Call on him for forgiveness and mercy and turn back to him and you will be saved. (1 Samuel 12:6-25)



Even in bible days and even priests, abused their privileges and power to benefit themselves and fatten there wallets. If you gain power use it to help all not just you and obey the Lord. (1 Samuel 2:27-29)



We are told that God is all loving yet we're also told to fear him. For those under his name prosper and will be fed by the fruits of righteousness. But those who disgrace him will feel the rath of him and his might and love, whether Christian, Jew or other. (Romans 11:22-24)



The Lord has given each of us unique traits, that allow us to praise and serve the Lord in our own way. So use those traits, you may not be the same as others but your faith and service is just as important to God. (Romans 12:6-8)


