


Who created us?
God created all things in the heavens and earth (Genesis 1:1): ' In the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth.'

What are the Ten Commandments?
The Ten Commandments are a list of laws God gave Israel, we are still called to follow these laws as modern Christians. You can find the Ten Commandments in (Exodus 20:1-17)

Is it wrong to hate?
Yes, the bible says that we should love and not hate! (1 John 3:15-16): 'Whoever hates his brother is a murderer, and you know that no murderer has eternal life remaining in him. By this we know love, because he laid down his life for us. And we ought to lay down our lives for the brothers. 17But whoever has the world’s goods and sees his brother in need, then closes his heart of compassion against him, how does God’s love remain in him?'

Is sex before marriage wrong or sinful?
Sex before marriage or adultery is a sin, therefore yes it’s wrong. (Exodus 20:14): 'You shall not commit adultery.'

Did God give us freedom?
Yes, God has given us freedom in all we do; it is one of his many gifts to us. However, we are called in this freedom to honor him. (1 Peter 2:16): 'Live as free people, yet not using your freedom for a cloak of wickedness, but as bondservants of God.'

Is being gay sinful?
Yes, being gay or homosexual is a sin. This is explained in (Romans 1:26-27): 'For this reason, God gave them up to vile passions. For their women changed the natural function into that which is against nature. Likewise also the men, leaving the natural function of the woman, burnt in their lust towards one another, men doing what is inappropriate with men, and receiving in themselves the due penalty of their error.'

Life is hard, I feel like giving up. What should I do?
Life is hard. Sometimes the Lord uses hard times to strengthen us and our faith. Just look at Job (Job 1-42) he was tested greatly but the Lord rewarded him for it. We are called to stay faithful even in the toughest of times; it is proof of our love and faith in God. (Proverbs 24:10-12): 'f you falter in the time of trouble, your strength is small. Rescue those who are being led away to death! Indeed, hold back those who are staggering to the slaughter! If you say, “Behold, we didn’t know this,” doesn’t he who weighs the hearts consider it?'

Is it wrong to be wealthy?
No. In fact, there were many extremely wealthy men in the Bible who had great relationships with God. Take Job for example (Job 1-42) he was at the beginning and end of the book very wealthy, but he was considered righteous. A similar situation applies to Abraham (Genesis 24), a very wealthy man who was considered to be blameless. However, it is a sin to make money an idol — making it the center of your world and attention. (Matthew 6:19-24): 'Don’t lay up treasures for yourselves on the earth, where moth and rust consume, and where thieves break through and steal; but lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where neither moth nor rust consume, and where thieves don’t break through and steal; for where your treasure is, there your heart will be also. “The lamp of the body is the eye. If therefore your eye is sound, your whole body will be full of light. 23But if your eye is evil, your whole body will be full of darkness. If therefore the light that is in you is darkness, how great is the darkness! “No one can serve two masters, for either he will hate the one and love the other, or else he will be devoted to one and despise the other. You can’t serve both God and Mammon. '

How do I get saved?
By declaring Jesus Christ as your savior and praying to him for salvation, through faith in the Lord and Christ. (John 3:16): 'or God so loved the world, that he gave his only born Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish, but have eternal life.' All you have to do is put your faith in Jesus Christ as your savior.

What is faith?
Faith is believing in something (e.g. God) and then putting trust and a value of truth on that thing. We believe that God exists even the devil believes that, however we are faithful in that we desire to follow his commands and complete his wants, we say that his will is true and holy so we stive to complete it.

I don't feel special or like I'm important.
This is a common feeling, however the Lord has blessed all of use with gifts, even if there sometimes hard to see. (Romans 12:6-8): 'having gifts differing according to the grace that was given to us: if prophecy, let’s prophesy according to the proportion of our faith; or service, let’s give ourselves to service; or he who teaches, to his teaching; or he who exhorts, to his exhorting; he who gives, let him do it with generosity; he who rules, with diligence; he who shows mercy, with cheerfulness.' You might feel unimportant right now but you just haven't found your way to serve God based off your gifts.

I have felt really worried recently, with everything just overwhelming me.
The Lord says not to worry but to lean on him and his kingdom for he has a plan for you. Jesus says: (Mathew 6:25): "herefore I tell you, don’t be anxious for your life: what you will eat, or what you will drink; nor yet for your body, what you will wear. Isn’t life more than food, and the body more than clothing?' (Mathew 6:34): 'Therefore don’t be anxious for tomorrow, for tomorrow will be anxious for itself. Each day’s own evil is sufficient.'

What is sin?
Sin is the act of breaking Gods laws or commandments.

I often find myself wanting things that are sinful or go against God, I know they are wrong but I can't seem to stop having these desires.
This is a common thing and all it is, is temptation to sin. Don't feel alone everyone goes through this even Jesus was tempted the key is to not give in to the evil desires. (Matthew 4:1-7): 'Then Jesus was led up by the Spirit into the wilderness to be tempted by the devil. When he had fasted forty days and forty nights, he was hungry afterward. The tempter came and said to him, “If you are the Son of God, command that these stones become bread.” But he answered, “It is written, ‘Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds out of God’s mouth.’” Then the devil took him into the holy city. He set him on the pinnacle of the temple, 6and said to him, “If you are the Son of God, throw yourself down, for it is written, ‘He will command his angels concerning you,’ and, ‘On their hands they will bear you up, so that you don’t dash your foot against a stone.’” Jesus said to him, “Again, it is written, ‘You shall not test the Lord, your God.’”' Here the devil try's to tempt Jesus but he stays strong, and resists the evil ways. (1 Corinthians 10:13): 'TNo temptation has taken you except what is common to man. God is faithful, who will not allow you to be tempted above what you are able, but will with the temptation also make the way of escape, that you may be able to endure it.' There is no temptation or want that can overpower you if you put your trust in the lord.

Why do I still struggle if I’m a Christian?
Even though you have faith in the lord struggles and hard times are used to strength our relationships with God and to test our faith. Even those who God called blameless were tested, Job for example was a righteous man yet he struggled and had hard times, but this only strengthened his faith. (Job 1-42)

One of my friends is getting taken advantage of, should I help even if I'm scared?
Yes, the bible tells us to look after the needy and weak, and help those who can't help themselves. (Psalm 82): 'God presides in the great assembly. He judges amongst the gods. “How long will you judge unjustly,
and show partiality to the wicked?” “Defend the weak, the poor, and the fatherless. Maintain the rights of the poor and oppressed. Rescue the weak and needy. Deliver them out of the hand of the wicked.” They don’t know, neither do they understand. They walk back and forth in darkness. All the foundations of the earth are shaken. I said, “You are gods, all of you are sons of the Most High. Nevertheless you shall die like men, and fall like one of the rulers.” Arise, God, judge the earth, for you inherit all of the nations.' It can be hard to stand up to someone especially when your scared, but the Lord calls us to do it. (Matthew 6:34): 'Therefore don’t be anxious for tomorrow, for tomorrow will be anxious for itself. Each day’s own evil is sufficient.'

Is it really wrong to show favoritism?
The bible teaches us not to be partial to any one man. (James 2:1-4): 'My brothers, don’t hold the faith of our glorious Lord Jesus Christ with partiality. For if a man with a gold ring, in fine clothing, comes into your synagogue, and a poor man in filthy clothing also comes in, and you pay special attention to him who wears the fine clothing and say, “Sit here in a good place;” and you tell the poor man, “Stand there,” or “Sit by my footstool” haven’t you shown partiality amongst yourselves, and become judges with evil thoughts?' This verse tells us with an example not to show favoritism towards others.

Is it okay to gossip?
No, the bible speak negatively of gossip and those that do it. (Psalms 41:6): 'If he comes to see me, he speaks falsehood. His heart gathers iniquity to itself. When he goes abroad, he tells it.' In this passage the bible is shining a negative light on those who gossip.

Can someone be too far gone to be forgiven?
No the Lord loves his children and sent his son Jesus to die on the cross for everyone who have faith, everyone sins but through Christ you can be forgiven. In (Job 22:23) Job has lost everything and the bible says that if you turn from your evil ways 'you will be built up'. God is ready and wants to forgive you, you just need to accept him into your heart and turn from your sin.

Why is obedience to God so difficult sometimes?
If it were easy everyone would already do it. Adam and Eve sinned and therefor put the spawn of sin in all of us, your earthly self wants to sin with all its might while your soul wants to do right. (James 1:14): 'Let endurance have its perfect work, that you may be perfect and complete, lacking in nothing.' It's a battle every second of every day which side will win. It will be difficult but lean on the lord and you can succeed. (1 Corinthians 10:13): 'No temptation has taken you except what is common to man. God is faithful, who will not allow you to be tempted above what you are able, but will with the temptation also make the way of escape, that you may be able to endure it.'

My parents always say i shouldn't cuss, are they right?
James says in (James 1:26): 'If anyone amongst you thinks himself to be religious while he doesn’t bridle his tongue, but deceives his heart, this man’s religion is worthless.' this talks about how we should keep a tight rein on our tongue. So yes there right, God wants us to strive to be pure in action and thought, that includes cursing. (Matthew 12:33-34): 'Either make the tree good and its fruit good, or make the tree corrupt and its fruit corrupt; for the tree is known by its fruit. You offspring of vipers, how can you, being evil, speak good things? For out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaks.' This tells us that the mouth speaks from the heart, so cursing is a good way to indicate your walk with Christ or lack there of.

Where in the bible is the sermon on the mount?
The sermon on the mount can be found in: (Matthew 5-7).

What does Jesus mean by ask, seek, knock?
Ask, seek, knock, is talking about asking God for things, it outlines how you should go about it. First you should ask for your request, second you should seek the will of the Lord in the given situation, third you should go out and do something about your request. An example of this is: you would ask Lord for a promotion, then you would seek to find the Lords will on whether or not he wants you to have it, finally if it's the Lords will you would go and ask or try to get said promotion.

Jesus talks about true and false teachers, how do i know which ones I'm following?
By their fruits, Jesus says later in his teachings that '“Either make the tree good and its fruit good, or make the tree corrupt and its fruit corrupt; for the tree is known by its fruit.' (Matthew 12:33). Take a look at your teachers, if what they preach and practice produces evil, malice, hate, or any other sign of a 'bad fruit', then that is a good first step in identifying false teachers.

Matthew 6:4 says that you shouldn't give publicly is that always true?
Jesus tells us to give in private not to say that you can never give in public, but to make the point that giving is to be done out of the kindness of your heart and love for Christ, not for fame or notoriety. He is telling us that the intention matters when we give if we give because God tells us to and because we love him and his word then private or public doesn't matter, but if we give to be seen and glorified then we are not giving from the heart but from selfish desire and it is worthless.

Is theft a sin?
Yes the bible says: 'You shall not steal.' (Exodus 20:15). This is quite explicit in saying that theft and stealing is a sin.

Which books of the bible are the gospels 
The four gospels are: Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John.

How many days was the world made in?
God made the world in 7 days, this is found in: (Genesis 1-2). (Genesis 2:2): 'On the seventh day God finished his work which he had done; and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had done.'

Does everyone sin?
Yes every man no matter how good or nice sins, (1 John 1:10): 'If we say that we haven’t sinned, we make him a liar, and his word is not in us.' in this passage it's quite explicit that all of us sin. The only person who never sinned was Jesus for he was both a man and God, conceived in the holy spirit. (Matthew 1:20): 'But when he thought about these things, behold, an angel of the Lord appeared to him in a dream, saying, “Joseph, son of David, don’t be afraid to take to yourself Mary as your wife, for that which is conceived in her is of the Holy Spirit.' And through Jesus and faith in him you can be forgiven from your sins and saved from the depths of hell. 

Explain 2 John 1:9 to me.
(2 John 1:9): 'Whoever transgresses and doesn’t remain in the teaching of Christ doesn’t have God. He who remains in the teaching has both the Father and the Son.' John is warning the people of passing by the teachings of Christ, he says that whoever goes away from his teachings no longer has God. He also states that whoever follows his teachings has God with them.

Why did God send the great flood?
God sent the flood because of the great amount of sin that had corrupted the world, but the Lord is merciful and spared all animal life, and Noah and his family because they were deemed righteous. God also made the promise to never flood the earth again, rainbows represent this promise. (Genesis 6:9 - 9:17)

What is hell?
Hell is the place of punishment those without Christ will go when they die, the bible describes it as: 'On the wicked he will rain blazing coals; fire, sulphur, and scorching wind shall be the portion of their cup.' (Psalms 11:6)

I feel unimportant sometimes and like I have no value.
A lot of people feel this way, that doesn't mean it's true though. The bible says that 'For you have made him a little lower than the angels, and crowned him with glory and honour. You make him ruler over the works of your hands. You have put all things under his feet:' (Psalms 8.5-6), God puts great value on you and loves you deeply when you struggle with these thoughts lean on him and his love.

Is discipline a good thing?
Yes it's part of how we learn as people, God tells us 'As many as I love, I reprove and chasten. Be zealous therefore, and repent.' (Revelation 3:19) Even he punishes as disciplines, he does it out of love for us, just as we should.

Why do we get baptized?
We get baptized because Jesus told us to as a part of out walk with the lord (Matthew 3:15). Baptism is also a symbol of cleaning away the dirt and sin on our heart and our pledge to follow the Lord. (1 Peter 3:21)



